net.minecraft.client.particle.Particle net.minecraft.client.particle.EntityFX
net.minecraft.util.math.BlockPos net.minecraft.util.BlockPos
net.minecraft.util.math.RayTraceResult.Type net.minecraft.util.MovingObjectPosition.MovingObjectType
net.minecraft.util.math.MathHelper net.minecraft.util.MathHelper
net.minecraft.util.text.ITextComponent net.minecraft.util.IChatComponent
net.minecraft.util.text.StringTextComponent net.minecraft.util.ChatComponentText
net.minecraft.util.text.event.ClickEvent net.minecraft.event.ClickEvent
net.minecraft.util.text.event.HoverEvent net.minecraft.event.HoverEvent
net.minecraft.util.text.event.ClickEvent.Action net.minecraft.event.ClickEvent.Action
net.minecraft.util.text.event.HoverEvent.Action net.minecraft.event.HoverEvent.Action
net.minecraft.util.text.Style net.minecraft.util.ChatStyle
net.minecraft.world.GameType net.minecraft.world.WorldSettings.GameType
net.minecraft.client.renderer.BufferBuilder net.minecraft.client.renderer.WorldRenderer
net.minecraft.util.text.ITextComponent.Serializer net.minecraft.util.IChatComponent.Serializer
net.minecraft.util.SoundCategory net.minecraft.client.audio.SoundCategory
net.minecraft.client.network.play.ClientPlayNetHandler net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient
net.minecraft.util.Direction net.minecraft.util.EnumFacing
net.minecraft.network.play.server.SChatPacket net.minecraft.network.play.server.S02PacketChat
net.minecraft.client.world.ClientWorld net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient
net.minecraft.client.gui.screen.Screen net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreen
net.minecraft.client.gui.screen.MainMenuScreen net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMainMenu
net.minecraft.client.gui.screen.MultiplayerScreen net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMultiplayer
net.minecraft.client.gui.screen.ChatScreen net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiChat
net.minecraft.client.gui.NewChatGui net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiNewChat
net.minecraft.client.gui.overlay.PlayerTabOverlayGui net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiPlayerTabOverlay
net.minecraft.network.IPacket net.minecraft.network.Packet